You make me believe in soul mates.
You give meaning to my life.
I can’t imagine my life without you in it.
How do you look so beautiful all the time
You make me feel so lucky when I’m around you.
You always know how to surprise me.
You’re the reason my life feels so perfect.
You look so cute when you laugh.
You brighten up my day every time I see you.
I dreamt of you last night.
I think of you and kiss my pillow before I fall asleep every night.
I could stare at you forever and I’d still feel like I haven’t had enough of you.
I love the way you smell.
You make me feel so happy when I’m with you, my jaws hurt.
Spending time with you is the highlight of my day.
You are such a good dancer.
You understand me so well, it’s like you can read my mind.
I can’t wait to spend the rest of my life with you.
I feel so happy just spending time with you.
You’re my best friend.
You make my sadness disappear with your beautiful smile.
No, you’re not fat. You’re perfect and just the way I like it.
You could have any guy in the world, and yet you chose me.
You make me feel weak in the knees when I touch you.
I want to make time stand still when I’m with you but time always finds a way to fly past.
I wish I could have met you years ago.
Just hearing your voice in the morning makes my day.
Your cute smile makes me melt.
The way you look every time I say goodbye makes it so hard for me to walk away from you.
You’ve made my dreams come true.
I haven’t met a person who’s as nice and caring as you.
I love you so much I can’t explain it even if I tried.
You’re the most beautiful girl I’ve ever met.
I love the way your skin feels so soft when I run my hands over it.
I want to spend the rest of my life trying to make you happy.
Don’t ever change, because I love you just the way you are.
You make me feel like an excited child at a theme park when I’m with you.
It hurts me more to see you sad.
Your eyes are so expressive and beautiful I can’t help but get lost in them.
You make me want to be a better man just so I can be more worthy of your love.
I get butterflies in my stomach when you run your hands against my face.
You look so beautiful and angelic, I feel like I’d dirty you just by touching you.
I think God was high when he created you because there’s no one else who comes so close to perfection.
You’re the one thing I’m most thankful for having in my life.
I love the way you say you love me when I kiss you goodnight over the phone.
I love the way your hair feels as I run my fingers through them.
I love the way you feel in my arms when I hug you goodbye.
I start my day with you on my mind and end my day with you in my dreams.
I love you so much I could worship you.