Yo mama is so fat that she walked into the Gap and filled it.
Yo mama is so fat that she comes at you from all directions.
Yo mama is so fat that her cereal bowl came with a lifeguard.
Yo mama is so fat that she looks like she’s smuggling a Volkswagen.
Yo mama is so fat that when she got her shoes shined, she had to take the guy’s word for it.
Yo mama is so fat that when she sings, it’s over for everybody.
Yo mama is so fat that when she ran away, they had to use all four sides of the milk carton to display her picture.
Yo mama is so fat that when she was growing up she didn’t play with dolls, she played with midgets.
Yo mama is so fat that she uses two buses for roller-blades.
Yo mama is so fat that when she goes to a buffet, she gets the group rate.
Yo mama is so fat that she has to put her belt on with a boomerang.
Yo mama is so fat that she doesn’t eat with a fork, she eats with a forklift.
Yo mama is so fat that when she tripped on 4th Ave, she landed on 12th.
Yo mama is so fat that God couldn't light the Earth until she moved!
Yo mama is so fat that even Bill Gates couldn't pay for her liposuction!
Yo mama is so fat that she has to pull down her pants to get into her pockets.
Yo mama is so fat that she was born on the fourth, fifth, and sixth of June.
Yo mama is so fat that she could fall down and wouldn’t even know it.
Yo mama is so fat that the sign inside one restaurant says, “Maximum occupancy:300, or Yo momma.”
Yo mama is so fat that she puts mayonnaise on aspirin.
Yo mama is so fat that when she takes a shower, her feet don’t get wet.
Yo mama is so fat that she puts on her lipstick with a paint-roller!
Yo mama is so fat that she could sell shade.
Yo mama is so fat that I ran around her twice and got lost.
Yo mama is so fat that her blood type is Ragu.
Yo mama is so fat that when she runs the fifty-yard dash she needs an overnight bag.
Yo mama is so fat that she fell out of both sides of her bed.
Yo mama is so fat that the stripes on her pajamas never end.
Yo mama is so fat she uses Mexico as her tanning bed.
Yo mama is so fat when she walks the earths rotation changes direction
Yo mama is so fat her dreams are longer than the movies.
Yo mama is so old that that when she was in school there was no history class.
Yo mama is so old that I told her to act her own age, and she died.
Yo mama is so old that her birth certificate is written in Roman numerals.
Yo mama is so old that she has Adam & Eve's autographs.
Yo mama is so old that she co-wrote the Ten Commandments.
Yo mama is so old that she has an autographed bible.
Yo mama is so old that the candles cost more than the birthday cake.
Yo mama is so old that when she farts, dust comes out.
Yo mama is so old that she owes Fred Flintstone a food stamp.
Yo mama is so old that she drove a chariot to high school.
Yo mama is so old that she took her drivers test on a dinosaur.
Yo mama is so old that she DJ'd at the Boston Tea Party.
Yo mama is so old that she walked into an antique store and they kept her.
Yo mama is so old that she baby-sat for Jesus.
Yo mama is so old that she knew Mr. Clean when he had an afro.
Yo mama is so old that she knew the Beetles when they were the New Kids on the Block.
Yo mama is so old that she needed a walker when Jesus was still in diapers.
Yo mama is so old that her memory is in black and white.
Yo mama is so old that she's mentioned in the shout out at the end of the bible.
Yo mama is so old that she planted the first tree at Central Park.
Yo mama is so old that she sat next to Jesus in third grade.
Yo mama is so old that she has a picture of Moses in her yearbook.
Yo mama is so old that she knew Cap'n Crunch while he was still a private.
Yo mama is so old that when she was young rainbows were black and white.
Yo mama is so old that she called the cops when David and Goliath started to fight.
Yo mama is so old that when she was born, the Dead Sea was just getting sick.
Yo mama’s so old, when she breast feeds, people mistake her for a fog machine.
Yo mama is so old that she was a waitress at the Last Supper.
Yo mama is so old that she owes Jesus a dollar
Yo mama is so old that she ran track with dinosaurs
Yo mama is so old her birth certificate says “expired” on it
Yo mama is so old when I told her to act her age, she died on me.
Yo mama is so old her social security number is 1
Yo mama is so ugly that we put her in the kennel when we go on vacation.
Yo mama is so ugly that her shadow ran away from her.
Yo mama is so ugly that she could scare the flies off a shit wagon.
Yo mama is so ugly that her birth certificate contained an apology letter from the condom factory.
Yo mama is so ugly that that your father takes her to work with him so that he doesn't have to kiss her goodbye.
Yo mama is so ugly that she tried to take a bath and the water jumped out!
Yo mama is so ugly that her mom had to be drunk to breast feed her.
Yo mama is so ugly that when she walks into a bank, they turn off the surveillence cameras.
Yo mama is so ugly that they didn't give her a costume when she auditioned for Star Wars.
Yo mama is so ugly that even Rice Krispies won't talk to her!
Yo mama is so ugly that she made an onion cry!
Yo mama is so ugly that when I last saw a mouth like hers, it had a hook in it.
Yo mama is so ugly that she gets 364 extra days to dress up for Halloween!
Yo mama is so ugly that they push her face into dough to make gorilla cookies.
Yo mama is so ugly that when she goes to the therapist, he makes her lie on the couch face down.
Yo mama is so ugly that she gives Freddy Kreuger nightmares.
Yo mama is so ugly that even Bill Clinton wouldn't sleep with her.
Yo mama is so ugly that when she was born, the doctor slapped her AND her parents!
Yo mama is so ugly that she didn't get hit with the ugly stick, she got hit by the whole damn tree.
Yo mama is so ugly that she has 7 years bad luck just trying to look at herself in the mirror.
Yo mama is so ugly that she practices birth control by leaving the lights on.
Yo mama is so ugly that her pillow cries at night.